Key points from Kim: What is the product and why is it useful?

Points for the slide

Train table sanitising robot 
Cleans surfaces
Works while the train is in motion
Saves waiting time
avoids people
Reduces human contact (risk of transmission?) 
Focus on cleaning touchpoints 
510 hours per night spent cleaning carriages [Northern]

Actual pitch:

£100,000+ of cleaning costs
430 staff cleaning trains
6,000 door buttons cleaned multiple times each day
[Norther trains]


Over the past year we have come to a new understanding about the health and sanitisation of our public spaces, especially during turbulent times such as a pandemic.
Our company strives to meet this new need in the public conscience by providing robots to assist in the safe cleaning of our sanitary spaces.

We are creating Dalektable a train sanitising robot which cleans and sanitises train tables 
during the journey inturn reducing waiting times at stations and reducing risk to 
employees as well as customers. 

As it stands trains must be stopped for a significant amount of time 
between journeys to be properly disinfected, costing money, time and increasing the risk of cleaners being exposed 
to viral infections. For example Northern trains employs a staff of 430 to clean the trains each day, 
carrying out 510 hours of cleaning per night costing the company upwards of £5,000 per night.   

Our robot will clear and disinfect hundreds of empty tables as well as disinfecting thousands of buttons while the train is 
moving and passengers are still on board. This means trains will be able to operate more 
frequently allowing cost and time efficiency while maintaining high standards of hygiene and service.

The robot will intelligently detect whether or not a table is occupied and makes the decision to clean or move on.
We also hope to make the robot capable of moving out of the passengers way as they move along the aisle to
reduce disruption to the public. 

With the dalektable we hope to reduce the stress on the train cleaning system and it's workers while also ensuring a safe,healthy, and comfortable journey for the passengers on the train.

